[All Hosts] (publishing) update to publish with Windows app (#5215)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/publish/publish-office-add-ins-to-appsource.md

The exact code needed depends on the installation framework and the programming language that you are using. The following is an example of how to check using C#. 

> [!NOTE]
> The installation can be designed to install the add-in for all users of the computer, if an administrator of the computer is running the installation program. To implement that design, update the code to do the following.
>
> - Check if the user is an administrator of the computer.
> - If the user is an administrator, the code should do one of the following.
>
>     - If you want to force the add-in to be installed for all users, the code should set the `supportLocalComputer` variable to `true`.

> >     - If you want to give the administrator a choice between installing the add-in only for his or her self or for all users on the computer, the code should present a dialog to the administrator, return the administrator's choice, and set the `supportLocalComputer` variable accordingly.

Reviewer: From the style guide: 
"Don't use he, him, his, she, her, or hers in generic references. Instead:
- Rewrite to use the second person (you).
- Rewrite the sentence to have a plural noun and pronoun.
- Use the or a instead of a pronoun (for example, "the document").
- Refer to a person's role (reader, employee, customer, or client, for example).
- Use person or individual.

If you can't write around the problem, it's OK to use a plural pronoun (they, their, or them) in generic references to a single person. "

Maybe this? 

```suggestion
>     - If you want to give the administrator a choice between installing the add-in only for themself or for all users on the computer, the code should present a dialog to the administrator, return the administrator's choice, and set the `supportLocalComputer` variable accordingly.
```

            string basePath = @"Software\Microsoft\Office";
            RegistryKey baseKey = Registry.CurrentUser.OpenSubKey(basePath);
            string wxpName = "Word"; // Can be one of "Word", "Powerpoint", or "Excel".

>             bool supportLocalComputer = false; // true means LOCAL_MACHINE support, false CURRENT_USER support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            bool supportLocalComputer = false; // True means LOCAL_MACHINE support, false means CURRENT_USER support.
```

##### Create a registry key for the add-in (required)

Include in the installation program a function to add *one* of the following keys and values to the Windows Registry, depending on whether the add-in is being installed for all users of the computer or only for the user that is running the installation program.

```

> // Only the current user

Reviewer: We typically format code comments as sentences with periods at the end. 
```suggestion
// Only the current user.
```

[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\Wef\AutoInstallAddins\{{OfficeApplication}}\{{add-inName}}] 
"AssetIds"="{{assetId}}"

> // All users of the computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// All users of the computer.
```

The following is an example.

```

> // Only the current user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only the current user.
```

[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\Wef\AutoInstallAddins\Word\ContosoAdd-in] 
"AssetIds"="WA999999999"

> // All users of the computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// All users of the computer.
```

[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\AutoInstallAddins\Word\ContosoAdd-in] 
"AssetIds"="WA999999999"
```

> The exact code will depend on your installation framework and programming language. The following is an example in C#.

Reviewer: Switching to present tense per style guide 
```suggestion
The exact code depends on your installation framework and programming language. The following is an example in C#.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > To install the add-in for all users, change this code so that `WriteRegisterKeys` takes a bool parameter. The method should set the `supportLocalMachine` variable to the value that is passed: `true` to install for all users, `false` to install for only the current user.

Reviewer: I think this should either be `bool` or Boolean 
```suggestion
> To install the add-in for all users, change this code so that `WriteRegisterKeys` takes a `bool` parameter. The method should set the `supportLocalMachine` variable to the value that is passed: `true` to install for all users, `false` to install for only the current user.
```

```csharp
using Microsoft.Win32;
using System;

namespace SampleProject
{
   internal class WriteRegisterKeysSample
   {
        /// <summary>
        /// This function writes information to the registry that will tell Office applications to install the web add-in.
        /// </summary>

        private void WriteRegisterKeys()
        {
            bool supportLocalMachine = false; // false = CurrentUser, true = LocalMachine
            RegistryKey targetRootKey = supportLocalMachine ? Registry.LocalMachine : Registry.CurrentUser;

            string basePath = @"Software\Microsoft\Office";
            using (RegistryKey baseKey = targetRootKey.OpenSubKey(basePath))
            {
                if (baseKey == null)
                {
                    Console.WriteLine("Base registry path not found.");
                    return;
                }

>                 string wxpName = "Word";  // Can be "Word", "Powerpoint", or "Excel"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                string wxpName = "Word";  // Can be "Word", "Powerpoint", or "Excel".
```

>                 string assetID = "WA999999999"; // AppSource asset ID of your web add-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                string assetID = "WA999999999"; // AppSource asset ID of your web add-in.
```

>                 string appName = "ContosoAddin"; // Your web add-in name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                string appName = "ContosoAddin"; // Your web add-in name.
```

Skip this section if you aren't a member of the certification program, but *it is required if you are*.

Include in the installation program code to add *one* of the following keys and values to the Windows Registry, depending on whether the add-in is being installed for all users of the computer or only for the user that is running the installation program.

```

> // Only the current user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only the current user.
```

[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\Wef\AutoInstallAddins\{{OfficeApplication}}\{{add-inName}}] 
"HasPrivacyLink"="1"

> // All users of the computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// All users of the computer.
```

[HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\AutoInstallAddins\{{OfficeApplication}}\{{add-inName}}] 
"HasPrivacyLink"="1"
```

Replace the `{{OfficeApplication}}` and `{{add-inName}}` placeholders exactly as in the preceding section. The following is an example.

```

> // Only the current user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Only the current user.
```

[HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Office\16.0\Wef\AutoInstallAddins\Word\ContosoAdd-in] 
"HasPrivacyLink"="1"

> // All users of the computer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// All users of the computer.
```
